update contribution for tests (#355)
SchweizerischeBundesbahnen/BCNFStar: CONTRIBUTING.md

To run the tests as they are being executed in the CI, run `npm run test:prod`.

### Testing SaveSchemaState

If you change the persisting of the model in [SaveSchemaState.ts](/frontend/src/model/schema/methodObjects/SaveSchemaState.ts) and other schema files you always have to update the zip files savedExampleSchema.zip and savedSchema.zip in cypress forlder [Fixtures](/cypress/fixtures) for tests [load-saved-schema.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/components/load-saved-schema.cy.ts) and [tables-selection.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/pages/tables-selection.cy.ts).

> The schema savedSchema.zip just includes the two testing tables without any schema transformations. The schema of savedExampleSchema.zip should be include lots of your possible persited schema transformations (like one split, join, union).

Reviewer: Der zweite Satz ist grammatikalisch komisch, und man müsste vielleicht noch erklären was "just the two test tables" heißt. Kann heute noch mittag auch selbst nen Vorschlag machen.

> If you change the persisting of the model in [SaveSchemaState.ts](/frontend/src/model/schema/methodObjects/SaveSchemaState.ts) and other schema files you always have to update the zip files savedExampleSchema.zip and savedSchema.zip in cypress forlder [Fixtures](/cypress/fixtures) for tests [load-saved-schema.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/components/load-saved-schema.cy.ts) and [tables-selection.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/pages/tables-selection.cy.ts).
> The schema savedSchema.zip includes the two testing tables "nation_region_denormalized" and "part_partsupp_supplier_denormalized" without schema transformations. The schema of savedExampleSchema.zip should be include a schema with lots of the possible schema transformations (like one split, join, union).
> 

Reviewer: Und damit du siehst wie es in Markdown aussieht hier nochmal so:

There is a feature called *save intermediate state* in BCNFStar which allows users to download and restore working copies of schemas containing all transformations they already did. If you change any fields in the data model, you will likely need to edit this feature as well.
If you change the persisting of the model in [SaveSchemaState.ts](/frontend/src/model/schema/methodObjects/SaveSchemaState.ts) and other schema files you always have to update the zip files savedExampleSchema.zip and savedSchema.zip in cypress forlder [Fixtures](/cypress/fixtures) for tests [load-saved-schema.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/components/load-saved-schema.cy.ts) and [tables-selection.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/pages/tables-selection.cy.ts).

How to generate these files
1. If not already done for testing, load the test database from ´cypress/mssql_1MB_testdata_denormalized.sql` or `cypress/mssql_1MB_testdata_denormalized.sql`
1. Make sure to update the database connection details (see Database section of the README)
1. Start BCNFStar with `npm run dev` and visit `http://localhost:4200`
1. Select the tables `public.nation_region_denormalized` and `public.part_partsupp_supplier_denormalized`
1. Select metanome results and go
1. Type `savedSchema` in the textbox labelled `file name`, download the file and store it under `cypress/fixtures`
1. Do some arbitrary schema operations. Which ones you do does not matter, but they should ideally cover a range of BCNFStar's features, and especially the ones you just edited. While testing, we check if loading and saving this file again yields the same result.
1. Save this schema as `savedExampleSchema` and also store it in `cypress/fixtures`
1. Run `npm run test:dev` and make sure the tests [load-saved-schema.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/components/load-saved-schema.cy.ts) and [tables-selection.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/pages/tables-selection.cy.ts) run through
```suggestion
There is a feature called *save intermediate state* in BCNFStar which allows users to download and restore working copies of schemas containing all transformations they already did. If you change any fields in the data model, you will likely need to edit this feature as well.
If you change the persisting of the model in [SaveSchemaState.ts](/frontend/src/model/schema/methodObjects/SaveSchemaState.ts) and other schema files you always have to update the zip files savedExampleSchema.zip and savedSchema.zip in cypress forlder [Fixtures](/cypress/fixtures) for tests [load-saved-schema.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/components/load-saved-schema.cy.ts) and [tables-selection.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/pages/tables-selection.cy.ts).

How to generate these files
1. If not already done for testing, load the test database from ´cypress/mssql_1MB_testdata_denormalized.sql` or `cypress/mssql_1MB_testdata_denormalized.sql`
1. Make sure to update the database connection details (see Database section of the README)
1. Start BCNFStar with `npm run dev` and visit `http://localhost:4200`
1. Select the tables `public.nation_region_denormalized` and `public.part_partsupp_supplier_denormalized`
1. Select metanome results and go
1. Type `savedSchema` in the textbox labelled `file name`, download the file and store it under `cypress/fixtures`
1. Do some arbitrary schema operations. Which ones you do does not matter, but they should ideally cover a range of BCNFStar's features, and especially the ones you just edited. While testing, we check if loading and saving this file again yields the same result.
1. Save this schema as `savedExampleSchema` and also store it in `cypress/fixtures`
1. Run `npm run test:dev` and make sure the tests [load-saved-schema.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/components/load-saved-schema.cy.ts) and [tables-selection.cy.ts](/cypress/e2e/frontend/pages/tables-selection.cy.ts) run through```
